{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red240\green240\blue240;\red208\green18\blue45;
\red52\green52\blue52;\red255\green255\blue255;\red240\green240\blue240;\red207\green18\blue44;\red240\green240\blue240;
\red208\green18\blue45;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c95294\c95294\c95294;\cssrgb\c85882\c16471\c22745;
\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c95399\c95399\c95280;\cssrgb\c85788\c16325\c22500;\cssrgb\c95294\c95294\c95294;
\cssrgb\c85882\c16471\c22745;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8360\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How did you hear about Twilio and this job?
\fs36 \cf4 \'a0*
\fs24 \cf2 \'a0\
Steven Nelson\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Are you authorized to work for Twilio lawfully in the United States?
\fs36 \cf4 \'a0*
\fs24 \cf2 \'a0\cb1 \
Yes{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \cb6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 LinkedIn Profile URL\'a0\
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericarandrews/\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 GitHub Profile URL\'a0\
https://github.com/ericarandrews\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What motivates you to pursue software development as a new career?
\fs36 \cf4 \'a0*
\fs24 \cf2 \'a0\
I am motivated to pursue a career in my current field of interest and my major, Computer Science. I believe with training and guidance that I can successfully demonstrate the tools and education that I have learned so far. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What skills from previous experiences will you adapt for this role?
\fs36 \cf4 \'a0*
\fs24 \cf2 \'a0\
From previous experiences, I will adapt, for this role, technical skills with markup languages, scripting languages and some of there libraries, programming languages, object-oriented languages, markup languages and scripting languages for mobile web, extensible markup languages, and analytic measurements.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What resources and support will you need during the apprenticeship?
\fs36 \cf4 \'a0*
\fs24 \cf2 \'a0\
I will need resources to perform the required duties of this position and support from management and those with mentoring skills. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How will you build intellectual and emotional resiliency in this role?
\fs36 \cf4 \'a0*
\fs24 \cf2 \'a0\
I will build intellectual resiliency by maintaining a 'balance between open-mindedness and skepticism'. I will build emotional resiliency by 'practicing patience and adapting to adversity without lasting difficulties'. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Why is this role important to you and why do you want to work at Twilio?
\fs36 \cf4 \'a0*\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb7 This role is important to me because I am looking for a career in my field of interest where I may have the opportunity to practice what I have learned and learn from others with similar interest. I would like to work at Twilio because I believe that I may acquire skills and an opportunity to be apart of this companies success. 
\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 What values will you contribute to Twilio's employee culture?
\fs36 \cf4 \'a0*\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb7 I can contribute values, such as work ethic, dependability and responsibility, possessing a positive attitude, adaptability, honesty and integrity, self-motivation, motivation to grow and learn, and self-confidence, to Twilio's employee culture.\cb3 \'a0
\fs26 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb9 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Technical Presentation
\fs36 \cf10 \strokec10 \'a0*
\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Please record a video code walkthrough, whiteboard session and/or screencast demo (~5 minutes) for a software project you worked on. Try to demonstrate deep understanding of the code, highlight unique personal contributions, and discuss specific aspects that you found challenging and/or rewarding about working on the code. Please link to this video via a video or filesharing service.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
}